Update covid-guidelines.md (#39)
Klahanie/klahanie: _amenities/pools/covid-guidelines.md

show-title: true
---

### POOL UPDATE – IMPROVED PROCESS FOR REGISTRATION

Please find below clarifications and adjustments that we believe will be helpful: 

> •	During Phase 2 – only “Instructional” swim is allowed (groups of 5 or less)
> •	Open Swims are now called Open Instructional Swims (no fees charged)  
> Swimmers will be assigned in groups of 5 (not necessary to stay in group during swim) - guards will provide basic tips for swim skill improvement as requested by swimmers.
> •	Online registration is now required for Open Instructional Swim 
> use this link: https://www.teamunify.com/SwimLessons.jsp?_tabid_=182023&team=cmkhoaa
> 
> o	Registration opens at 8 p.m. the evening before the registered date and closes 5 minutes before the specified registration time slot. (You must create a KHOA Team Unify account in order to register).
> o	Registration is required for ALL those who wish to enter facility – whether swimming or not.
> o	30-person maximum for each facility and pool at any given time 
> (no longer 15 only in pool / 15 on deck)
> o	No Shows– if registered swimmers do not show within 10 minutes of start time, their spot will be given to the next on waitlist.
> o	Wait Lists - a wait list will be maintained at each pool. Residents must be present to place names on list (not done online). If we experience a no-show, or there is capacity, we will allow those on wait list to enter – first come, first serve.
> o	Cancellations – if you need to cancel reservations please call office at 425.392.4663, or email swimlessons@klahanie.com
> o	Questions? Call pools directly:
> 	Lakeside Pool        425.391.8503
> 	Mountain View Pool   425.557.7856

Reviewer: Thanks @SharonManyara! I made some formatting changes. The bullets like above won't render properly on the site. You want to just use plain old `*` asterisks going forward.  
 
```suggestion
* During Phase 2 – only “Instructional” swim is allowed (groups of 5 or less)
  * [Register for Open Instructional Swim](https://www.teamunify.com/SwimLessons.jsp?_tabid_=182023&team=cmkhoaa)
* Open Swims are now called Open Instructional Swims (no fees charged)  
* Swimmers will be assigned in groups of 5 (not necessary to stay in group during swim) - guards will provide basic tips for swim skill improvement as requested by swimmers.

Registration opens at 8 p.m. the evening before the registered date and closes 5 minutes before the specified registration time slot. (Note: You must create a KHOA Team Unify account in order to register).
* Registration is required for ALL those who wish to enter facility – whether swimming or not.
* There is a 30-person maximum for each facility and pool at any given time (no longer 15 only in pool / 15 on deck)
* No Shows– if registered swimmers do not show within 10 minutes of start time, their spot will be given to the next on waitlist.
* Wait Lists - a wait list will be maintained at each pool. Residents must be present to place names on list (not done online). If we experience a no-show, or there is capacity, we will allow those on wait list to enter – first come, first serve.
* Cancellations – if you need to cancel reservations please call the office at [425.392.4663](tel:425.392.4663), or email swimlessons@klahanie.com
* Questions? Contact the pools directly:
  * Lakeside Pool  - [425.391.8503](tel:425.391.8503)
  * Mountain View Pool   [425.557.7856](tel:425.557.7856)
```
